fix(docs): update Prisma docs to v7 (#46082)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/database/prisma.mdx

  </StepHikeCompact.Step>

  <StepHikeCompact.Step step={4}>
    <StepHikeCompact.Details title="Configure prisma.config.ts">

>     Add `import "dotenv/config"` to the generated `prisma.config.ts`. If you are using a serverless environment, change the datasource url to `DIRECT_URL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Add `import "dotenv/config"` to the generated `prisma.config.ts`. If you are using a serverless environment, change the data source URL to `DIRECT_URL`.
```

    </StepHikeCompact.Code>

  </StepHikeCompact.Step>
    <StepHikeCompact.Step step={6}>
    <StepHikeCompact.Details title="Test your API">
      Create a index.ts file and run it to test your connection
    </StepHikeCompact.Details>
    <StepHikeCompact.Code>
      ```ts index.ts

>       import { PrismaClient } from "./generated/prisma/client";

Author: Not needed. This was the style setup in the guide prior to me changing it.

      import { PrismaPg } from "@prisma/adapter-pg";

      const adapter = new PrismaPg({ connectionString: process.env.DATABASE_URL });

>       export const prisma = new PrismaClient({ adapter });

Author: My mistake. Tested in bun which does not require this. Node does.
